Windows Service Installation
----------------------------
This distribution of Harmonium installs Harmonium as a service on a computer
running Microsoft Windows. Installing Harmonium as a service will cause the 
computer to start Harmonium automatically each time it is booted.
TiVo Requirements

    * A network enabled Series 2, Series 3, or HD TiVo.

      Note
          Configuring your TiVo to connect to your network is beyond the scope
          of these instructions. For help see the TiVo website: 
          http://www.tivo.com/mytivo/howto/getconnected/howto_connect_dvr_internet.html

    * The TiVo must be enabled for Home Network Applications. To do this, 
      perform the following:
         1. From TiVo Central, go to Music, Photos, & More.
         2. Select Enable Home Network Applications...
         3. Press THUMBS UP three times, then press ENTER to enable local HME 
            applications.
         4. Return to TiVo Central, then Music, Photos, & More. The option 
            should now appear as Disable Home Network Applications...

Server Requirements
-------------------
    * Processor: x86 CPU (Intel Pentium, Celeron, Xeon, etc.; 
      AMD Athlon, etc.)
      
    * Operating System: Microsoft Windows XP, Windows Vista,
      or Windows 7.

      Tested:
          Windows XP SP3 32-bit
          Windows 7 Ultimate 32-bit
          Windows 7 Ultimate 64-bit

    * Java runtime evironment version 6 or later.

      Tested:
          Sun Microsystems Java(TM) SE Runtime Environment 
              - build 1.6.0_17-b04
              - build 1.6.0_20-b02

      NOTE: Type "java -version" (without the quotes) at a command prompt to
            determine the version of Java installed on your computer.

    * Connected to same network as TiVo.

      Note
          The server's networking subsystem must be initialized before starting
          Harmonium. In particular, the server's network interface must have an
          IP address assigned before Harmonium is started. This might be an issue
          if your computer is connected to a wireless network and doesn't
          receive an IP address until late in the boot process, or after a user
          has logged in. 

Installation Instructions
-------------------------

      Pre-Installation
      ----------------
   1. Identify the path to the music root directory. All music files must be in
      the music root or one of its subdirectories.

      Note
          In our example below, we assume that the music root is: C:\music 

   2. Identify the path to the playlist root directory. All playlist files must
      be in the playlist root or one of its subdirectories.

      Note
          In our example below, we assume that the playlist root is:
          C:\playlists

      Installation
      ------------
   3. Uncompress the installation archive to your chosen installation
      directory.

   4. In the conf directory under the Harmonium installation directory, find
      and open the file wrapper.conf using Notepad.

   5. Find the line in wrapper.conf that reads:
      wrapper.app.parameter.4="C:\Documents and Settings\Owner\My Documents\My Music"
      Modify the line so that the path to your music root appears inside the 
      quotation marks.

      Example
          wrapper.app.parameter.4="C:\music"

   6. Find the line in wrapper.conf that reads: 
      wrapper.app.parameter.6="C:\Documents and Settings\Owner\My Documents\My Playlists"
      Modify the line so that the path to your playlist root appears inside the
      quotation marks.

      Example
          wrapper.app.parameter.6="C:\playlists"
          
      Note
          The playlist directory must be different from the music directory.

   7. Save the file wrapper.conf, and exit Notepad.

   8. In Windows Explorer, go to the bin directory under the Harmonium
      installation directory. Test Harmonium by double-clicking Harmonium.bat
      in that directory. 
      
      On Windows Vista or Windows 7, you may be prompted to allow Java access
      to your network.  Click "Allow."
      
      Check that Harmonium appears on your TiVo under "Music, Programs, 
      and More." If there seems to be a problem, check the log file in the 
      logs directory. After testing, close Harmonium by using the keystroke 
      Ctrl-C.

      NOTE: When Harmonium first starts, it reads and catalogs the music files
            that it finds under your music root. This process may take several
            minutes. (A sample collection of 3500 music files takes 20 minutes
            to complete.) Until this process has completed, Harmonium will not
            appear on your TiVo. 
            
            Subsequent Harmonium startups use the cache built during this 
            initial startup, and are substantially faster.

  10. If everything seems to be working, install Harmonium as a service by
      double-clicking on the file called InstallHarmonium.bat, which is in
      the same directory as Harmonium.bat.
      
      NOTE: On Windows Vista or Windows 7, you'll need to right-click
            InstallHarmonium.bat and select "Run as adminstrator."
            
  11. You've now installed Harmonium to run as a Windows Service, but you'll
      need to manually alter the Windows account that service runs under.
      
      Open the Services manager.  There are several ways to find it.  The
      quickest is to simply type "services.msc" (without the quotes) at a
      command prompt.
      
      Find "Harmonium Music Player" in the list.  Right-click it and select
      properties.
      
      Go to the "Log On" tab.  Select "This account" and enter your Windows
      user credentials.  
      
      NOTE: This must be an account with a password. If you don't want your 
            account to have a password, you'll need to set up another user 
            account with a password for Harmonium.  It need not be an 
            administrative account, but it must be a normal user account with 
            rights to a temporary file path, which is why the default "Local 
            System Account" doesn't work.

  12. From the services manager, you can start Harmonium.  Or simply reboot.
      Whenever the computer reboots, Harmonium will start automatically.

