Windows Service Installation Upgrade
------------------------------------
These instructions document how to upgrade an existing installation of
Haromonium running as a Windows service. If you do not yet have Harmonium
installed, please refer to the installation instructions.

TiVo Requirements
-----------------
    * A network enabled Series 2, Series 3, or HD TiVo.

      Note
          Configuring your TiVo to connect to your network is beyond the scope
          of these instructions. For help see the TiVo website. 

    * The TiVo must be enabled for Home Network Applications. To do this,
      perform the following:
         1. From TiVo Central, go to Music, Photos, & More.
         2. Select Enable Home Network Applications...
         3. Press THUMBS UP three times, then press ENTER to enable local HME
            applications.
         4. Return to TiVo Central, then Music, Photos, & More. The option
            should now appear as Disable Home Network Applications...

Server Requirements
-------------------
    * A version of Harmonium must already be installed as a service, as per
      these instructions.

    * Processor: x86 CPU (Intel Pentium, Celeron, Xeon, etc.; 
      AMD Athlon, etc.)
      
    * Operating System: Microsoft Windows XP, Windows Vista,
      or Windows 7.

      Tested
          Windows XP SP3 32-bit
          Windows 7 Ultimate 32-bit
          Windows 7 Ultimate 64-bit

    * Java runtime evironment version 6 or later.

      Tested
          Sun Microsystems Java(TM) SE Runtime Environment (build 1.6.0_17-b04)

    * Connected to same network as TiVo.

      Note
          The server's networking subsystem must be initialized before starting
          Harmonium. In particular, the server's network interface must have an
          IP address assigned before Harmonium is started. This might be an
          issue if your computer is connected to a wireless network and doesn't
          receive an IP address until late in the boot process, or after a user
          has logged in. 

Upgrade Instructions
--------------------
   1. Uncompress the installation archive to a temporary location.
   2. Stop the Harmonium service.

      Example
             1. Open the Services applet: click Start, click Control Panel, 
                double-click Administrative Tools, and then double-click
                Services.
             2. Click on the service called Harmonium Music Player.
             3. Stop the service by clicking on "Stop".

   3. Copy the new Harmonium.jar file from the temporary location to the
      installation directory.
   4. Delete all JAR files from the lib directory under the installation
      directory.
   5. Copy all the JAR files from the lib directory in the temporary location
      to the lib directory under the installation directory.
   6. Copy the wrapper.conf file from the temporary location to the
      installation directory.
   7. Reconfigure wrapper.conf as described in INSTALL.
   8. Restart the Harmonium service.

      Example
             1. Open the Services applet: click Start, click Control Panel,
                double-click Administrative Tools, and then double-click
                Services.
             2. Click on the service called Harmonium Music Player.
             3. Start the service by clicking on "Start".


